He's,
uh,
he's definitely a legend man.
Elon Musk.
He's not as blow torch to like,
he's fucking are thing going nice.
He let that fucking thing up in the hallway out here.
No.
Yeah.
I thought he's going to burn the building down.
I haven't even lit mine.
I'm so afraid of my son's like,
of course animal.
I don't want him to know how to turn it on.
Yeah.
He,
he gave it to me and put the fucking fuel in it and everything.
I was like,
all right,
thanks.
Crazy.
Like he comes bearing gifts.
How many people give you a blowgun blow torch?
Torch can blow.
It was called,
it's not a blow torch,
right?
No.
What does he call it?
It's not a,
it's not a blow torch or,
yeah,
not a blow torch.
Is that,
what is it?
It's call that believes.
So,
yeah,
whenever it is,
this is a crazy picture online that we put up of him shooting that fucking thing
out in the hallway.
And you're like,
you can't tell them no.
You know,
like no one tells him no,
he's got security around them and all these fucking hold these mercenaries with
guns.
No one's saying,
hey,
he rolls hard,
dude.
He's Elan Musk.
It's worth billions everywhere he goes.
I mean he's,
he's got to have security everywhere.
Guys come before him and case everything out.
Yeah,
look at him.
What did I conic photo
with the Freak party sign above his head.
It's almost like we planned it and Steven Tyler that Steven Tyler's Mugshot in
the background.
Crazy man.
He's such,
it takes from your guys' interview too where he's just like fucking stone.
To be honest,
I don't think he got stoned.
I don't think you've really inhaled.
He took like a t,
a tiny puff.
I think he puffed it like a cigar,
like really smokes weed.
Inhale.
He drinks.
We drank.
That's what was interesting about that.
The the blowback or the backlash is that we drank for two hours before we busted
out the weed,
but the weed was like,
what are they doing?
Guide takes one hit of weed,
And then it went crazy and stock plummeted 6% and but it went back up to 9% the
next day.
Smoke before you drink.
Right.
I don't know.
I think you get really fucked up if you don't smoke a lot and you smoke after
you've been drinking.
It's a wrap.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I don't know.
He never seen it.
I don't think it affected him.
He was like,
whoa.
But he's so,
his brain is wired so different.
You know what his brain is like.
It's like you ever see like a,
okay,
no disrespect to Pete Holmes,
but you know Pete Holmes,
the comedian,
like look at his body and then look at Usain bolt's.
That's how I feel like,
like the way if they had a race,
that's how I feel like with my brain in the room with Elan's brain,
it was like,
well,
these are barely the same thing.
Their bales and keep up man.
Like you.
You've had some crazy guests that are talking about Adam's and fucking the
universe and whatever else and you're always like you.
You keep up with everybody.
That's an illusion.
I don't know.
Just memorize things.
Yeah.
I don't know what the fuck I'm talking about.
They know.
They understand the actual concepts.
Yeah.
You know,
I might be able to repeat things that I've learned and read.
Yeah.
But I don't know what the fuck I'm really talking about.
They know what the fuck,
like,
you know what I'm saying?
It's like if someone never did Jujitsu before and they want to talk about
choking someone out in a triangle,
and I hear them say it,
I'm like,
okay,
Yay.
That's how you do it.
But they don't really know how to do it.
You know what I'm saying?
But then if you're talked to hoists Gracie,
and he tells you how to choke someone out with a triangle like this mother
fucker did it.
He knows how to do it.
He does it all the time.
It's a different conversation,
you know?
So that's the difference.
Like me,
I'm like a spectator talking to these geniuses,
but I just trying to pull information out of them.
I'm just trying to get them to talk.
You know?
I just try to know a little bit about what they're talking about.